ases, a special direct
burial cable, like USB, can be used, but for a 60 amp 240 volt circuit, conduit with individual
wires is the standard and safest method, especially for higher amperage and longer distances.
Local codes may have specific requirements for burial depth and materials,
so a licensed electrician will make sure everything is up to code. Would you like to set up a visit
for a detailed quote and just a reminder, our club membership gives you priority scheduling
and discounts on projects like this. Want to hear more about it? Can we also have a generator
connected to run the hot tub? Good question. Yes, it's also the connector generator to power
your hot tub, but there are a few important things to consider. The generator must be large enough
to handle the hot tub's load, at least 60 amps at 240 volts, which is a pretty substantial generator.
You'll need a transfer switch or interlock system to safely switch between utility power and
generator power, so there's no backfeeding. The wiring and setup must meet all local electrical
codes for safety. This kind of setup is a bit more complex, but our electricians can definitely
help design and install it safely. Would you like to schedule a consultation to go over your
options and get a quote? And again, our club membership can save you money on installations and
give you priority service. Let me know if you'd like detail. We don't need an appointment at this time,
but I'm also wondering about an electric vehicle charger. If I get an electric vehicle charger
wired in my garage, does it have to be run in aluminum or copper wire?
For an electric vehicle charger in your garage, you can use either copper or aluminum wire,
but copper is generally preferred because it's more durable, has better conductivity,
and is easier to work with, especially for shorter runs like most garages. However, aluminum
wire can be used for longer runs or larger amperage if local code allows, but it requires special
connectors and antioxidant compound to ensure safe connection. Most electricians recommend copper
for EV chargers, unless there's a specific reason to use aluminum. If you like, we can have an
electrician review your setup and recommend the best option for your home and just a quick reminder.
Our club membership gives you discounts on installations like EV chargers plus priority scheduling
and annual safety checks. Let me know if you want more info. What's better incandescent lighting or
LED lighting? LED lighting is definitely the better choice for low situation. Here's a quick summary.
LEDs use much less energy than incandescent bulbs, so you'll save on your electric bill.
They last much longer off in 10-20 years compared to about a year for incandescent. LEDs produce less
heat, making them safer and more efficient. You can get LEDs in a wide range of colors and brightness
incandescent bulbs are mostly phased out because they're less efficient and don't last as long.
LEDs are the way to go for both cost savings and performance. If you're thinking about upgrading
your lighting, our club membership can get you discounts on LED upgrades and priority service.
Want to hear more about that? No, thank you. That was pretty impressive. Yeah? Yeah, thank you for
anything else. Ask a random question about pizzas. Oh, God, do you guys deliver pizza when you come
to do the electrical quote? I wish we did. Sadly, no pizza delivery with our electrical quotes
just top-notch service and maybe a few good jokes from our electricians. If you ever need anything
else though, we're always here to help. Thanks so much for calling today. Hope you have a great day
ahead. Thanks you as well. Oh, one more question. Oh, I forgot what it was.
Praise it all. Come back to you. Just give us a call anytime. Have a fantastic day.
All right. You too. Thanks.
Now the pizza delivery is kind of fun. Yeah. Yeah. And the funny thing is we didn't even train it
on that. It picked it up. Yeah, it picked it up on and so on because the system's been,
so if you see how the conversation started, was you asking for a pool installation, which the
that company that Clara has been set up for doesn't do, but it still was able to navigate
its conversation to a point where this actually got to a point where this could be a job for you,
a potential electrical job because otherwise people will be like, yeah, we don't do pool installation
call someone else by. Yeah. Yeah. That's not what it did. It actually went deeper and understood and
saw where is its potential. And that's how it's trained right now to do to answer electrical
and plumbing questions. Wow. It was pretty good. Yeah. And just certain things which I want you to
know, the way it's speaking is right now. Like I had mentioned, set up for a demo purpose. So we
can modify the length of the answers, the way it's speaking, the speed of it, even the pauses that
it takes. All of that is one hundred percent customizable right now. What we want to show you,
is its capabilities to answer any kind of question. Yeah. Wow.
Pretty good. And we've also trained it a little bit to be a salesman to you because it's
keep throwing those club membership options. So that's a little bit of our attempt to
upsell and get you more revenue out of every call. So again, it's completely customizable. You can
plug it in, plug it off. That's totally up to you, but we just want to show you its capabilities.
That was pretty cool. Yeah. That's neat. Yeah.
I mean, there are a lot of things the system does, but I think you get an idea of what this can do.
Like I mentioned, it runs at all times and available around the clock. So if let's say after
six o'clock, Ben is not taking any calls. You're not available. You're busy or unwell for any reason.
Just not available. The system can be pivoted or like it can have a backup workflows where
now from here on, all the calls that you're getting will be of course taken,