 is the address 17119 Sundown Road SE Calgary, Alberta P2X3D4?
Did I get that right?
Yes.
Do you guys also do fixed replacements?
When I set up a stranger outlet to meet my safety codes, especially when dealing with aluminum wiring,
our licensed electricians will make sure everything is up to standard and safe for your home.
Do you like to schedule a visit for a full assessment?
Well, just a quick note.
Many of our customers join our club membership for priority scheduling, discounts on services, and annual safety checks.
I can share more details if you're interested.
Not right now.
No problem at all.
Let's focus on your outlet and aluminum wiring project.
What's the best phone number to reach you, Ben?
In case we need to confirm any details or scheduling,
and do you have a preferred date or time for the assessment?
403-975-1773, and I'd like to have somebody come out on Friday if possible.
Thank you.
Just a quick note.
Your number is 403-975-1773, correct?
Yes.
State.
Where do you mean Friday, January 9th, 2026?
Do you have a preferred time of day, morning or afternoon?
6am would be great.
Got it.
Friday, January 9th, 2026 at 6am.
That's a bit earlier than our standard hours, which started at 8am,
but I'll check if we can accommodate an early alignment for you.
If we can't do 6am, would you prefer the first available slot after 8am,
or would you like to pick another time?
I'll pick another time.
Understood.
I'll give you for the first available slot after 8am on Friday, January 9th, 2026.
I'll confirm the exact time with our team and let you know.
You're all set for now, Ben.
If you have any other questions or need to adjust the appointment, just let us know.
Thanks for calling and have a great day.
Thanks.
Okay.
You're going to hang out.
Welcome, Ben.
We'll be in touch soon to confirm your appointment time for Friday.
Have a great day.
You too.
Wow.
That was actually pretty good.
What are your first reactions?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was actually really like that.
Yes, surprised at how good it was, to be honest.
I mean, you know, for being the person I am, you know,
you can tell right away you're talking to a computer, but that's okay.
Who cares?
It answered all my questions.
It did everything.
I tried interrupting or two.
You know, requested a time that we're not actually open, which you must have given us some provisions of our company.
I don't know.
But that was pretty cool.
Actually, I like that.
Yes.
You got that absolutely right.
Right now it's a demo.
It's not built or trained on your business just yet.
Yeah.
But it will be.
That's what we'll do.
That's step one, of course.
And I'll tell you a little bit about what the system does.
So you had your experience to call yourself.
But if you get, say, 20, 30 calls at the same time.
Right.
Ben's only one person today.
He can only take one or few calls.
The remaining goes into voice mail.
Something.
The systems capable of taking 20, 30 calls at the same time.
Okay.
Can speak to people in different languages.
And it's very, very flexible in navigating all of these conversations.
And right now, how we've trained the system is to get the meetings booked.
Right.
That's the most important task.
If somebody's calling, you should be able to get it to a meeting level.
Right.
And if you want that to not be the case, you wanted to have more probing questions like it.
Okay.
That's the problem.
Why is it a problem?
Have you done anything about it?
Right.
Have you get it replaced or checked before anything?
We can have multiple layers of probing questions that can be configured into the system.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Another piece is like I was mentioning earlier, the smart escalation.
So if let's say there's a call about a certain job in which Ben's not required on this conversation,
but it needs to be routed to someone else.
So we can have those workflows configured that it gets escalated to that person.
Okay.
Yeah.
And just in case that person is not available, it can go to person B, then person C, then person D.
So in any case of customers calling you, there's never going to be a missed call ever.
Okay.
That's actually cool.
So what like what does AI do after like my call with AI?
What does it do next?
Great question.
So you just had a call right now.
What happens to that call is your question.
So yeah, obviously I need to be informed of what happened there and what's the details and.
Absolutely.
Right.
And you would be informed through various channels, depending on your convenience to the first,
you can get an email with everything about the call.
You can get a text about everything that was discussed on the call.
And then on top of that, you also have a full-fledged dashboard to keep a track of everything that happened on that call
and what are the certain analytics around it.
So let me show that to you now.
Sure.
I can zoom in a little bit for you.
Can you see my screen?
Yes.
Just a rough example, but this is the kind of email that you'll get with sales.
Okay.
What was the intent?
It was a service request.
Who's the person who called and his details?
So maybe the person was this, the number, the address of the provided.
It's all here.
Why did they call?
So like a one line summary of everything that was discussed on the call.
And what's the preferred job date and preferred job time if that was discussed.
Then if you want, you can of course download and listen to the entire recording and the transcript is right here.
So you can refer to that.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Okay.
That's one.
The same information will come to you via texts, but a lot of people who are relatively a little more tech savvy prefer a dashboard.
Okay.
So this dashboard tells you, okay, you got X number of calls out of which Y calls were answered,
which means this is the number of minutes of conversations you've had with the customers out of which.
How