 but the jobs will be
scheduled for tomorrow after 8 a.m. Or maybe your team member will now be routed into these
conversations or somebody else will be routed into these conversations. If you have somebody
on call tomorrow, we can have them plugged into the system. So all those calls will go to that person.
So if it's an emergency, Clara doesn't. So one more thing that this does is if somebody's calling
with an emergency, you don't have the time to ask so many questions. In that case, it automatically
gets the call to you. Oh, okay. Okay. Or whoever for that matter. Yeah. So it works like a dispatch
as well, right? So when a call comes in, they can forward the call to me or anyone on the team however
we program it or whatever, right? Absolutely. Absolutely. So generally, generally talks to the person,
takes the information, takes the message and then puts it into the dashboard. And then I'm assuming
it'll give some sort of notification email and text. Perfect, which I can probably turn on or off.
I'm sure I wouldn't want to, but okay. So then I'll get the notifications or someone on my team will
get the notifications that a college has come in. Look on the dashboard, we'll see all the details
and then we'll figure out what to do with it from there. That's one flow. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And then
okay, and it can also dispatch. So if a call comes in, what if someone like calls and asks to
talk to me directly, they can just send it over to my number or forward the call or will it,
what will it be there? So there are multiple scenarios and multiple use cases. One is let's say
that you get a call from your wife. Yeah. You don't want that call to be screened. You want that
to come straight to you. So it'll be configured that, okay, these are some personal numbers, private
numbers. There's no filtration of screening happening there. That's one. Second is if you have
certain customers who you don't want to be screened at any point in time, because they're like your
long, very strong relationship driven customers. So you don't have to, they'll be filtered out. And
about anyone reaching you, we don't want that because then there'll be no purpose. So we do have
like a few levels of screening that okay, sure, I'm happy to connect you to Ben. Can you tell me
what's it about? Just how you, you'll have like a virtual assistant, right? So that virtual
assistant also will transfer that call to you, but after it asks certain questions to make
it a verified and a valid call. So we can have those levels, unless you don't want that to be the case,
unless you want whoever asks for Ben, just get him to me. So that doesn't really defeats the purpose,
but we can do that still if you want. Yeah. And how does, how do we integrate it with the phone?
Like right now, my cell phone number, it's still my personal number, but it's also the business
number. I'm going to, I am going to be getting a personal cell phone with a different phone number.
Of course, now I've got hundreds of contacts in this phone from family and friends. So I've
got to transfer all that information over, but how do we get Clara to answer numbers that call
in to this phone? I must have to put an app on my phone or something, right? So we can have a
forwarding setup. That's one. And second is that in that case, we can have it forwarded to a fresh
number, which we can provide to you on which you can take all the calls. So it's not going to
charge you anything. It's not cost. It's a free of cost number. And you can have a conversation there.
Guess how, how, how does that work? Right. So if let's say somebody's calling you,
the call gets forwarded on any number for that matter. If somebody calls you, the call gets
forwarded to Clara, Clara understands what the job is all about. And then in case that call needs
to be routed to you. So we can have it routed to a fresh number that we will have set up for you.
Oh, yeah. Oh, on the same phone. I mean, if you want. Yeah, it can be a Google voice, Google
number. It's a fairly simple process. And we can have that setup with you.
Okay. And then, uh, yeah. So would we be setting it up so that Clara answers every call that comes
to my business phone number? Yes. Provided some exceptions, barring some exceptions. If you
want certain calls to not be screened, they will be screened. Okay. So I can still use this phone,
Clara will generally answer the business calls, except for ones that I say, just let them go right
through and ring my phone. So would I even get, if somebody calls, and I've got Clara answering,
will I even know that it's coming probably not until after the notification, hey?
Would you want that to be the case? Because I want to understand this use case a little better,
because not every call's going to come to you, because the purpose of Clara is to be that receptionist,
and have that entire back office. Yeah. That's, that's what I mean. So, so if I'm like playing a video
game on my phone, and maybe I don't want to be disturbed by random people, which is the whole
point of all this, right? Not for video games, but I'm not even going to know that call came in
until I get the notification afterwards. That is correct. Yeah. So my phone's not going to ring,
and I let it go to Clara. Basically, the phone's going to go to, the call's going to go to Clara,
and Clara will decide where they're not to let it go to me. Exactly.
That's pretty cool. Yeah. Okay. And so I don't need to get a new phone number, but I can,
and she can port me. We'll have that facilitated for you. And this is all on, and again,
I don't want to get off track from here, but this is all for the office. We have a very,
comprehensive solution for your field guys as well. I just want you to know about it. I'm not going
to go into too much depth, because I don't want to overwhelm you, but you mentioned something,
which I picked up on wherein that when you guys go out in the field, 