 don't have to very often.
I've got one contractor.
They are one property manager.
They run some gas stations.
And so sometimes when they're, if their pumps go down, they've got to be fixed now.
And so I get out there and do that one, because I don't have any of my guys on call.
Interesting.
Okay.
That's all very helpful.
Thank you so much.
I'm just trying to understand you a little better.
And I think it's actually quite interesting how you've been running so far and how you have a vision
to get your company to a certain level by the end of this year.
That's amazing.
And I have a few follow-up questions.
I'll pause on that.
What I'm very curious to know is your experience with the, you mentioned a virtual receptionist or a virtual.
Was it an AI solution or what was actually a virtual assistant?
So it was a, it was a live person that had access to 20 hours a week of her time kind of thing or whatever it was, right?
And so it was more about if I was communicating with her.
But because I didn't, yeah, it was weird because I was only paying for a certain number of hours, right, which was fixed.
It's, I couldn't have her answering the phones necessarily.
I maybe could have, but I didn't have that.
I didn't know how to set that up.
I probably, I could have, I could have used her a little bit more to do more client and dad entry.
But it was kind of weird.
I think, I think someone in that position, I needed them to be a bit more proactive and I was pretty new to my business.
I have, I have an assistant now who, who I'm going to bring, bringing on as an operations manager or estimator to help me with the stuff that I'm doing.
And kind of figured that out of the school way better communicate with him all the time.
Get him to do a lot of data entry for me.
And then here, next month, I'm going to be getting him to go look at some jobs by himself.
Like he's been coming with me to do quotes.
So.
Well, so he's also going to be exposed to a lot of things, not just with the office piece, but he also going to be coming with the art and the field and standing the jobs again.
You kind of building another you in the company.
That's the goal, to be honest, yeah.
Nice.
Okay.
And thank you for clarifying about the virtual assistant.
I was under the impression that so why I got a little confused there because we've also built something which we started calling it as a virtual assistant, but it's actually not another person.
Right.
It's tech.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
So I was thinking along those lines, but glad that you clarify that.
So just so that I understand things correctly.
There was another person who was sitting probably somewhere else, and she was taking the calls for you and helping you out.
And but it was a person at the end of it, right?
It was a person.
I wasn't having her taking calls.
Which I think would have been would have been kind of cool.
It was more like I have to message her and ask her to do some dad entry or that's pretty much it. And honestly, I didn't use her very much.
I didn't really know how probably could have done better. I could have done a lot better, but it wasn't the greatest fit anyways for me.
And this was probably very early into your business because you mentioned that you did it at the start.
And it's been 80 years since you've been running the company. So I'm assuming it was the first.
Yeah, that was about year two or three.
Okay.
And since then, anything that you probably tried to experiment with?
No.
No.
Okay.
So we'll probably be the first ones to show you something which would be very different out of the box, which if you like it, you probably would want to experiment with.
Yeah, I haven't experiment with anything AI.
So you haven't or you have.
No.
Okay.
Anyone around you might have looked at anything that using that uses.
No, not really.
Okay.
So I'm more excited now because now I have like a lot of pressure to show you the magic that AI can do.
And I'm also equally excited because we've been spending years into building this and speaking to somebody and showing it to the first time the reaction is very different.
I'm looking forward to that.
Okay.
So now let me tell you what we do.
Ben and again, while I'm doing that, just how I've been constantly budgeting you with questions, you can do that too.
Okay.
So like I said, we started on this journey a while ago and spoke to a lot of people understood the areas.
Now we broke down into different segments.
One is the back office.
The other is the field.
Then we have the customers, the end customer, something for them.
Now within these segments, we picked up certain use cases where and we saw.
Certain things are very ad hoc.
You can't predict them.
For example, your guys are your guys going out on the field.
You can't predict what's going to happen on the site, right?
You might think that the job might last for say a few hours, but it turns out to be a few.
A few days, can't you?
You can't predict that.
Yeah.
But in this entire workflow, what we were looking for was certain areas that.
Can be automated because there are certain things which are redundant.
Okay.
Right.
And that's how we started on our journey.
We built a lot of agents.
So as of today, we have close to six.
Agents catering to different aspects of the business.
And I believe in your conversation with Nick.
Nick might have told you that we're also building certain AI solutions that can help you with your back office things.
Do you remember any of those things or?
No.
I'm on.
Okay.
So I'm going to tell you everything from scratch.
No, I know.
So we'll start with this most simplest thing.
What we've tried to build is a solution.
That can help you specifically.
Since you mentioned that you're the one taking calls.
You probably get calls after hours.
You probably get calls from emergencies.
You might go or might not go.
But point is that the calls are comi