 basically full time for me as a subcontractor.
Subcontractors are great because they're generally pretty good electricians who think,
you know, that's where they're all working on their own.
They're also not as reliable because when they get their own jobs,
sometimes they don't get very much notice.
So that's why we're getting another company van on the road,
because I'm definitely busy enough to have three full time guys.
Pick up the subs, scroll back a little bit of their work,
but keep them going and so on and so forth.
Great. So subcontractors come in and come out.
You have, of course, somebody who's been with you consistently.
But if you talk about the full time guys, full time electricians like journeymans
or do you have a few of them as well with you?
Yeah. So each van will have has a full time journeyman.
So I've got three journeyman.
And then I'll have one apprentice actually just laid off an apprentice.
So I'll be forgetting another apprentice you're pretty soon.
So you have like a team of four people including you and then you have subcontractors.
Four plus me plus the subcontractor.
And then I'm also bringing in like a management guy to help me out
with the estimating and stuff. Very cool.
Okay. So yeah, pretty close to having five, I guess, employees plus myself in the sub.
Lovely. So all the other folks,
if I've gotten that correctly, I usually out in the field.
I'm assuming that is why you're the one who's taking care of the entire office.
That's right.
Yeah.
But I'm do you do you go out in the field as well at times
because you also have like 30 years of experience I'm assuming.
I do. I try I try not to need to be helping the guys,
but generally I can help them over the phone.
But I go in and feel to look at jobs and do quotes, right?
A lot of customer facing stuff.
Got it.
So I'm assuming that at times because you have so much experience,
your guys out in the field whenever they have any questions,
they might be reaching out to you.
And you can of course, like you mentioned over the phone,
you can probably guide them out troubles you things like that.
Yeah.
Interesting.
So that also happens.
Okay.
Let's talk about you in the office.
I'm assuming you're very well worse with how job it works.
You are getting the calls.
Actually, before that, what kind of jobs do you do?
Are you talking about service calls?
Are we talking about project?
Everything.
So we do service calls.
We'll do just small jobs on jobs.
We get a lot of weird stuff.
Yeah, not a lot of contractors do that.
A lot of renovations.
A lot of troubleshooting.
And then yeah, we do get some full projects like new customer home
or tenant in fill tenant improvement building.
Right.
That sort of thing.
That's a lot of work.
A lot of kind of different kinds of work.
It is.
You know, we do EV chargers.
We do hot tub hookups, panel changes.
Right.
All that service and maintenance stuff.
I was about to ask you.
I saw EV on your website.
I was like, oh, wow.
So you're doing electrical work because I saw you doing residential commercial
projects.
Everything was there.
I was struggling.
I was like, oh, wow.
You have EV as well.
So there's a lot of things that go into that as well.
So I'm.
Thank you.
How are you managing all this?
It's a lot of work.
It's.
It's a lot.
It isn't.
It isn't.
You know, I mean, it's all electrical.
And all needs to be done by electricians.
We all have the skills.
It's really just a matter of what.
What things we've actually worked with.
You know, like the first time you hook up an electric vehicle charger,
you got to figure it out.
But once you've, once you figured it out, then.
It's a lot easier.
You do stretch ourselves fairly thin with the services.
So it's tough to, it's tough to let certain things go.
You know, if customer gives us a call and we got some work.
Yeah, sure.
We can help you out.
You know, there's some things we don't do anymore.
I was trying to do like the gemstone lights for a little while,
but that just.
It wasn't, it wasn't worth it.
Basically, you know, so we still get calls for that.
I'm able to say, no, we don't do that, right?
But.
Okay.
So you finally started turning down on a little bit of work,
because that's part of probably outside your expertise.
Yeah, exactly.
It really is.
You know, it's definitely good to have the guys trained in certain things.
That's the fun challenge, because I can do just about anything.
But like I said, I've got 30 years.
You know, so some of the guys they definitely don't have the same vision.
The younger guys don't have the same experience,
so that they can't necessarily take everything on.
With the same knowledge anyways.
Makes sense.
And since you mentioned service, the first thing that rang in my head was
that, okay, service calls means that you're getting calls left,
right and center.
You're probably getting calls during hours,
you're getting calls after hours, you're getting called over the weekend.
I'm assuming you might have gotten calls around the holidays.
I don't know, because service calls happen at all times, right?
We do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Most of them is business business hours,
but I do get the occasional call after hours and weekends.
Sometimes I do turn some of that stuff down too,
because we're not, we're not equipped for emergency services,
except for some of our regular property managers and general contractors.
Then we'll, you know, we'll get out there for emergency calls for them.
But, you know, if someone I don't know has an emergency call
in the weekend, all the further elsewhere.
Makes sense.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
So you do.
So do you have somebody on call or you,
you not have somebody on call after all?
I'm the one on call.
Oh, I guess that that's when you go out in the field.
During the day, it's all about managing the operations and after hours is when you probably.
Yeah.
And I