ng in.
You've to speak to the customer.
There are certain times.
The calls are relevant.
Certain times the calls are relevant.
So how can we help Ben safe time on this task?
Okay.
Because if it's a relevant call, the next step would be to qualify that kind of job.
If it's the right kind of job that you cater to.
And if it is, then you obviously would go ahead and book it for you guys.
That's the flow.
Yeah.
Of course, it varies from company to company.
There are a lot of variables.
It's like, what system are you talking about?
What kind of jobs do you do?
How well do you train this person?
So just think of it as a person sitting in the office taking calls for you.
Day and day out.
There's no limit on the hours available around the clock 24, 7 speaking to the customer.
Not just emailing or texting.
Right.
Whenever they call it speaks understands and then responds and acts on top of it.
So that's one solution that we built.
Okay.
Does the.
Hmm.
It's interesting.
Because we do such a varied range of work.
So if I'm getting AI and answer customers.
I guess is the AI.
Is it able to ask me questions on how to handle certain things?
If someone calls and starts talking about generators and I haven't.
Haven't done anything about generators.
You know, it's not part of our repertoire.
It's nothing we would have programmed into AI.
What if someone calls and says, can you help with the generator?
And I don't necessarily want to defer that call.
I want to take that call.
Will AI be able to kind of handle that?
How would the AI?
I mean, at this point, we're talking about AI reception for at this particular point, right?
That is correct.
Yeah.
So how would it handle all that kind of thing?
The short answer is the way you want to.
Okay.
And the long answer is, of course, we can go deep into the AI systems.
And that's where our onboarding comes with the pictures.
When let's say you decide after you look at this, you see this is interesting.
And you want to implement it.
So we don't take you live in the next 15 minutes.
We actually spend a few days.
Understand the kind of workflows that you cater to.
What are the kinds of jobs that you do?
What are the kinds of jobs you don't do?
What are the kind of workflows that you currently follow?
And then accordingly, where do you want those calls to go out?
Okay.
And if I throw an example that you're random example, let's say somebody called and asked for.
There's an invoice.
Yeah.
There's an objection, but an invoice.
Now, tomorrow, if Ben has an accounting department, that call, I really should go to that accounting department.
And they resolve that.
So the AI is already trained and configured.
That if somebody's asking for an invoice, it validates and verifies that this is a legitimate call.
And then it routes it to that person and their own rings automatically.
Okay.
And they pick it up.
So we call them smart escalations.
That's just one example.
But the point of telling you this is that whatever you want the system to do, it will, because
it's 100% customizable.
Okay.
And in fact, I want you to try that out as well.
I mean, while we do a demo in the next 30 seconds or 60 seconds, I would want you to ask it random
questions.
Of course, it's currently configured to say that yes, it caters to generators, but I'd probably
ask it's something out of the box like, okay, what about, can you make me a pizza?
Right.
Right.
Just see how the system responds.
Right.
Okay.
And there are people who do actually ask a very random question that you want the system to be
able to cater to those kind of conversations to.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I'll hold off on telling you all that it does now.
Let me show it to you.
And once you experience it yourself, then we can talk more about what else can you do.
Okay.
Yeah.
So let's run a short simulation.
What we'll do is I'll actually use your help in the demo.
I'll flash a number on your screen.
And all you have to do is just dial that number and speak to it.
Like your customer speak to you.
Okay.
As an, you know, you have an electrical problem.
And what's the problem?
Maybe there is there are sparks coming out of certain circuit boards or anything for that matter.
Or electricity.
Yeah.
Okay.
And just see how the system responds.
And ask it questions that you know, I don't know what to do.
Do you think I should.
I mean, whatever you want to ask it if the cost, the time of service, anything.
Whatever comes to your mind.
Okay.
Yeah.
And let's see how the system responds.
Sure.
Yeah.
Great.
Do you have a phone handy?
I do.
Yeah.
Okay.
So what I'll do is I'll just flash a number on your screen right now.
And you should be able to see it in the next seven seconds.
And once you do, let's call it and see how it responds.
Just a request.
If you could keep your phone on speaker so that even I can listen to the other side, I'll be really help.
Sure.
You should probably mute my zoom.
Hey.
No, I don't think you need to mute your zoom.
Just call from your phone and keep the zoom on that.
Can you see my screen?
Yeah.
Okay.
So two of seven, 1364.
Okay.
You can see something.
How can I help you today?
Oh, hello.
I'm wondering if you guys do outlet replacements.
We do bundle outlet replacements.
Are you looking to replace a single outlet or do you have multiple that attention?
And is there any issue with the current outlet or is it just an upgrade?
We want to redo all the outlets in the house and have the aluminum mitigated.
Thank you for that.
Creating all outlets and addressing aluminum wiring is a smart move for safety.
Can I get your name and the address where the work will be done?
That way I can check availability and get you set up on estimate.
My name is Ben.
And the address is 17119 Sundown Road, Southeast, Calgary, Alberta.
Let me quickly verify that address for you.
Thanks, Ben.
Just to confirm,