ng there might be an INC or a private limited or something at
the end of it. So no, I'm still so proprietor, but it will be it's going to be coming this year too.
I'm going to have to get incorporated. So I see the changes all be started. You starting with Clara
and then slowly. Yeah. It's it's I've been kind of enjoying just being a sole proprietor keeping
it small working from home. But I got to get a little bit more ambitious this year. The work is
there. The connections are there. The growth is is definitely possible. Got it. So I have gotten
the company's name. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Number email. Yes. Your full name.
I'm assuming you'll be the point of contact in this entire process. Yeah. It's going to be me
and then probably switch over to Greg at some point during the year. He's going to be my
kind of operations manager estimator. Got it. Hopefully hopefully someone kind of cloned of me
forgetting all this office work done. Got it. So it was the other thing you needed? Yeah. It's a
company's name. You've given number. You've given email. You've given your full name and your address.
Like the full billing address on which we can have it sent over. Yeah. This is just for the
records. There's nothing just boilerplate stuff. Yeah. No problem. Great. I think I have everything.
Here I'm just copying it at my end as well. I don't miss place anything. Okay. And when do we
want to do the kickoff call Ben? Let me just grab some assuming that we'd be able to get the
paperwork signed up today. It's not going to be. It doesn't take more than two minutes. It's just
very basic stuff. So we just need one day after that. So if we're able to sign up the paperwork
today, tomorrow we can do a kickoff call for you. Yeah. No. I'll get the paperwork signed.
Today that shouldn't be a problem at all. Of course, now I just haven't pulled up my job
yet for a little bit. Now we've got a whole bunch of things to look at. Okay. So kickoff.
Where is that there? Taste Thursday. You could probably do a kickoff call. How long
do how much time do we need for that? We'll wrap it up in 30. It's going to be just the first
level introductory call. So we'll try to wrap it up in 30 minutes. 30 minutes. That'll be the first
call and then there'll be another couple calls after that. That is great. So we'll have like two
info conversations, but we don't want to be like asking you to sit for like an hour or two in
sit with us. We just give us some information. We'll work on that once it's ready. Then we'll show it
to you. So we work in blocks so that whatever modularities or changes you want in every block,
we can spend enough time on that. Okay. Perfect. I appreciate that. Then tomorrow,
tomorrow around noon should be good. Let me see here. Perfect. That actually works perfectly
for us as well. Yeah, that'll work. Yeah. One second. Well, it was Clara kickoff call
for Ben's electric solutions. I've just sent you an invite Ben. Could you confirm on
Ben at Ben's electric solutions team?
Must have come from my name. Put it. Yeah. Okay. In a second.
No, not up yet. Sometimes it takes a minute.
And do you have like a credit card handy right now or? Yeah. Okay. So I just need the details.
Once you have the ex people executed, the card shall execute. So we're looking at just to
reconfirm. We're looking at we're looking at a starter plan, which is 249, which offers 500 minutes.
And we're looking at a three month plan. So that's 249 into three, roughly 750 plus. I believe
in kind of 5% tax that's roughly around what I said, GST. Yeah. We're going to charge all up, right?
Oh, for the three months, yes. That's why we give you the flexibility of choosing the timeline.
And we're not really signing because you open a one year contract or anything. That's why we're
flexible. But I'm sure after the three months, you will be wanting to kind of renew it for a year,
all year. And there's one thing that I'll do for you Ben specifically and we do that for everybody,
which is that on the contract that I'll share with you, since it's going to be like a contract
where in the timeline will be defined as 12 months. So after three months, if you decide to continue,
which I'm sure you will, we'll keep this same price for you. Because our price might change in
three months or five months or whatever, but we don't want to have you be paying the extra cost
that might happen because this product was all year a different cost. And now it's at a 249.
And so the price, yeah, we'll have that highlighted in the.
Got you. Yeah, I can give you my card right now. Yes, I just need like the name on the card,
I'm assuming it's your name. Yeah, or the company's name. Both are actually on there.
Okay, so I was putting your name then that should not be a problem. Yeah, you can put in Ben
Fenoyer. Great. And what will be the number? 5526.
1220. 0052. 4781. Okay. And the expiration. Oh, 329.
03329. And the CSC.
641. 641. Okay. And it has your name. I think we have that. Great. And I have your address as well.
So while I do it was in the next 15 minutes, you'll receive an email and it'll be a docky sign.
You can just go through that contract and should everything go look good. You can go ahead and
have it executed. Like I said, it's not going to take you a lot of time. It's very basic. And once
that's done, we'll see you on the kickoff call tomorrow. I've already sent you the invite. I hope
you've received it now or has it not come through? No, it's there now. Okay, great. And once
you have the paperwork executed, I will loop in my onboarding specialist. So that's just
one formality that we do, which is that I can only loop them and once the paperwork's completed,
just a internal thing. But yeah, that should not be found. So that's something for me to take care of.
But yeah, I think we're good. Terrific. Any questions for me, Ben? Go, let me know. Thank you.
Thank you so much. I have a very good time talking t