talking about here. And we can,
of course, keep evaluating it and upgrading to the next level. So the most basic plan that we have
is $249 a month. Two for any month? Okay. Yes. That's US. And what that covers is,
what that covers is 500 minutes in a month. So that's going to give you quite a lot of minutes.
And these minutes don't really include the sales filtration that we're doing.
Okay. Excuse me one quick second. Sure.
Sorry. I've got a few dogs over here trying to get outside. So
you're doing it.
In calm, he's a little too stupid.
He doesn't really care. Somebody just keeps sleeping and doesn't do anything.
So we have the most basic plan is $249 and that gives you 500 minutes in a month. And we can start
off as small as a six month plan or a three month plan. Whatever you're comfortable with. And then
accordingly, we can see and keep evaluating if you want a higher plan with more number of minutes or
you want a new agent, another agent, because we have like bunch of agents that I told you about,
right? We can actually have another call set up to discuss the other agents. But yeah, we can start
small, start with this and see how this works. I would like to try it out for sure. Yeah,
it sounds pretty good. I definitely kind of like the idea of giving it a three month,
three months try. Sure. And I think it'd be pretty cool actually.
I'll tell you what and what this is a statistic from a week from week back from today.
This was New Year's and you don't want to be working on the Eve because that's when
you want to spend time with family, you want to relax. Turns out Clara gets activated and
use the most during the holiday season. The same thing happened around Thanksgiving and then again
around New Year's when people were with their families. The calls that kept coming in because
these are emergency calls as well, right? You can't be waiting for too long. So the calls that came
in were responded by Clara and Clara was programmed to book everything for say the fourth because
that's when they started working. And a lot of bookings happened. So when somebody came back into
the office saw everything and their calendar was packed with people waiting for the jobs and they
were all aligned and like ready to be booked for like 9 a.m. 10 a.m. 12 p.m. etc. So you won't even know
that your somebody's thing in the office is working around the club taking all the calls,
helping you with everything. And the schedule's almost ready. Just needs your final look and then
you can go ahead and book it. Wow. Yeah, to that end for the booking because Clara can book
just a site visit or straight up a job. Now some some tasks come in and it's you know
going to be a two hour job. Some come in and it's going to be an eight hour job.
Am I able to there must be a way she's pretty good to filter through those. So Clara knows when
it can actually book the job as a as a service call and we can expect you know my tech to be
there for an hour or two versus when it's going to be bigger and requires a site visit.
It will be trained on that. So it will ask the questions and analyze if this is a job that would
take longer. In fact, if you call it right away and ask, let's get over how much time would this
job take or how much time was this. I mean how much time would a project take. It will tell you
an estimated time and it would. And like I mentioned the way you train it to answer it will.
And just to clarify Ben, like like I said, we did have a booking feature which we have rolled back.
The reason of rolling it back is because if you have something on your calendar from 1 to 3 p.m.
You can not sure that's going to end at exactly 3 p.m. It might end at 2. It might end at 4.
Yeah. That's why if we have something on the calendar from 1 to 3, Clara will analyze that
from your calendars and then accordingly it will propose that, okay, let's book something from 4.
Are you okay? Customer says yes. And now that information comes to you and then you can decide
if you want to book it for 4 or not. Right. Okay. Yes. So Clara doesn't actually confirm an appointment
but it can suggest a time or two. Yes. I mean it can pretty much. I mean if you wanted to give
that customer a confirmation, it can. But I'm sure you don't have that confirmation yourself because
you know. That'll be tricky. Yeah. Exactly. Unless it's just for me for site visits and I can
program into Clara a certain time. Exactly. But yeah, generally like my guys, they're in a different
calendar right there on the job or calendar. Clara is not going to know. So wherever you have the
confirmations or you're certain about certain things, Clara can be certain. Wherever you feel,
I mean when the guy is out in the field and not certain when the job is going to end,
how can we book the next job accordingly? So that's why we take the information and that's why
if you saw on that email and on the dashboard, we have the preferred job dates and preferred job
times and it can take multiple slots. Yeah. Yeah. And you can book whatever works for you. Yeah.
Good. Good stuff. Great. So let me quickly walk you through the next steps. The next steps
going to be that of course, I'll have a contract sent over to you. It'll be a docu sign. It'll have
all the details and I need some information for which I'll take from you in just a minute.
And then we also will be scheduling a kickoff call for you. In this kickoff call, I'll introduce
you to the one or the two people who will be your dedicated points of contact. They'll be your
own voting managers and they will understand like I mentioned your workflows and have called
Clara configured for it. And then slowly we'll train it up for you as if it's one of your
employees and then you can try and test it out. Fantastic. Yeah. Okay. So I just need some
information. You can probably put it in the chat here. Let's put it here. Yeah. So I just need
the company's full name. I'm assumi