All right, we'll let Ben in now in three, two, one, and he's in.
Hey, Ben, can you help me?
Wait, can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah, I can. Perfect.
There you go. Okay. Ben, thank you so much for joining us as a short notice.
And before starting, just wanted to introduce myself.
Again, I'm Nick. I am part of the Clara team.
We reach out to businesses across North America.
And we have built this AI agents for trades businesses specifically.
And to help us with that, I have here with me, my colleague Bharat,
who's the solutions expert and the growth partner at Clara AI.
And he is the best person who knows everything in and out about the industry as well as the product.
So he'll be the one who will be walking us through the presentation today.
Over to you, Bharat.
Thank you, Nick. Ben, good morning. How are you?
I'm doing very well. How are you?
Very well. Really excited about our conversation.
And I'm glad that we're able to do it earlier because sooner rather than better about everything, right?
Absolutely. That's what I thought too.
And I hope we have enough time to have a conversation.
I hope you're not in a rush to probably hop off somewhere or
I am always in a rush, but we've got time.
Great. So let me start off by introducing myself and my company, what we do.
And after that, we'd love to know a little about you as well since it's the first time we've connected.
And then we'll dive into what we're doing and then we do a demo of our platform.
And then we'll see how things go from there. Sounds good.
So I am Bharat. I work with Nick and a few other folks. So we're a very lean team and
I represent the solutions team here at Clara.
What I do day in and day out then is I speak to contractors such as yourself,
understand your workflows, see how you're doing things right now,
which I'm sure is at a very optimal level of doing things efficiently.
But after understanding, I see where can we plug in our solution to further enhance
the way of you do things. And that's what I'll be doing here today as well.
And a little about the company. So we started a while ago.
It's been close to three years now.
And why we started what we do today is because we saw AI taking over the world.
I'm sure you also have heard it everywhere.
What we saw, however, was AI was penetrating really deeply into the white collar business.
You know, all the fortune five ones of the world are using it, which is absolutely fine.
The trades, however, you know, the blue collar industry didn't see a lot of penetration as compared to the white collar industry.
That's how our journey began. We started speaking to a lot of contractors and realize
there are a lot of opportunities for us to work now.
What those opportunities are, what we picked up from there, what we actually built
is something I'm going to show you in just a bit, but I'll pause here.
Sure.
And I'd love to know a little about you. How long have you been in this business?
And anything that you might have to share, I'm all yours.
Oh, yeah. No, I mean, I've been working for myself for about eight years now.
And it's fun.
I've been an electrician for 30 years writing my own business for, like I said, the last eight.
Sorry. I'm going to try and grow a little bit bigger here this year.
You know, we've been relatively small, right? I just have a couple guys, couple fans out on the road.
Do a lot of the pretty much all the admin and backend stuff myself, right?
Which is going fine, but as we get this year, you know, I've got, got to get some help here.
So I've actually got another guy who's going to be coming on as the operations manager to help me out with all of that sort of stuff, right?
Yeah, that's that's about it. You know, if I've dabbled with having a virtual receptionist, like,
yeah, and that didn't that didn't go great.
But I probably didn't really know how to use her properly either.
Virtual assistants to say enough virtual reception, which actually might be an interesting thing.
I've tried, tried looking into like a different phone system.
So I could have an app for everybody from my team to have like one company line.
But it was really weird. The app that we had, it gave us everybody was assigned a different number.
And nobody ever answered the phone because they're all, they all look like spam.
They all it just looked like a weird foreign number of different names came up.
So that was a shady experience too. So sorry for my language. We shut that down right quick.
So you know, that's what it is. I mean, we're pretty basic.
I've got a software called Jabra that runs on my CRM.
And it's fantastic. It really helps a lot.
Okay. Yeah, that's that's us.
That's quite helpful. And thank you for sharing so much and so little time.
Yeah, sure.
Quite a lot of things that I saw job was your CRM.
Great. We're familiar with that.
And the reason why we're familiar with that is because the folks who started this company have 15 to 20 years of experience in the trades business themselves.
They are contractors. They are folks who are building tech.
So it's an interjection of all of that is how the founder actually started on this journey.
So great. I'm familiar with how Java works.
You mentioned that you have a couple of trucks out in the field.
So you have more people working for you today out in the field.
I've got, I've got two company works fans.
I'm getting a third one on the road at the end of the week here.
So I'll have three company work fans.
And then I've got two subcontractors I use.
So about four vans on the road.
Typically is what we're going to be operating by the end of the year.
I want to have five lovely.
And so you mentioned you have subcontractors.
People who join and I'm assuming for certain projects.
Certain tasks. I'm assuming.
Yeah, pretty much.
I've got, you know, when we get busy,
I bring in subcontractors to take in the overflow work.
So I mean, I've had one guy working