if they have any questions
about a certain equipment or a certain job, they reach out to you. Yeah. We can optimize this workflow
as well, because we can have a ride along with them. What that means is we'll have a,
say, if you had a master technician, master electrician with you at all times, who's walking
with you. And if you have any questions, you ask it and it responds. And similarly, you have an
assistant walking besides you again, and telling you what needs to be done. For example,
you first speak to the customer builder, Rappo, and understand what the job is all about. And
then at the end, you probably try to upsell certain things, which usually miss out on, because
you're so focused on the work. And certain of these checkpoints are the task list that you need to
follow a checklist. So that person will be responsible telling you that. And heard is if you're working
on a very complex equipment, you're not really sure. So you need to call customer support of that
company, Mr. Bushy or any, any, any Bryant train, any well, you call them and then they tell you,
so you can have another person like that helping out. So all these three people combined together
is what bills are field co-pilot. Oh, okay. That's that's our AI system. It listens to the conversations
between your guys and the customer. And actually critiques you at the end of it that you did this
really well, but you could have done this well after the conversation and all that information
can come to you at the end of the day. That's crazy. Okay. Yeah. You're right. That is overwhelming.
That's kind of cool though. Yeah. That's one. And that's one. And then of course, any question about
the job, you just click a picture. It tells you what needs to be done. And it also has a list of
check list of tasks that needs to be completed. And if there is something which is getting missed
around, they get a nacho. Okay. You're about to end this conversation. Why don't you ask it to
upsell or why don't you sell that membership card? So all that can be nudged to your guys out of the
field. Oh, okay. So that's something for the guys. And the idea of Clara Ben is to have
to be that one AI shop for Ben. Ben has any question comes to us. Be mostly will have a solution
for it. But in cases, we don't we build that for you. And that's another agent for us. And we
build it specifically for the trades business. That's the only edge and the biggest edge that we
have against a lot of other systems that we have built specifically for the trades. Great.
Very cool. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That was great. That was really neat.
So let's talk about the answers. How do you want to go about this?
Yes. How would I first? Yeah. Is that up you mean sort of thing? Yeah. Would this be something
which you'd think that could be helpful? It could be beneficial for your business.
I think it could, you know, I think it'd be great to have an answer some calls we definitely get
enough calls coming in. What's the volume that we're talking about?
It varies. You know, I mean, I get, I don't get a ton of random calls. I mean, I do, I probably get
10 to 20 calls a week from just small customers. Great. If that, most of the calls I get are from
my regular contractors. You know, I get it. Obviously crap ton of calls from inspectors and from
the guys on the tools and everything too. Great. Oh, and then of course I also get all the random
calls, all the extra sales calls. Yeah. And that's sort of thing too. So yeah, probably I don't
even know. It's tough to say it could be 20 to 50 calls a week. You know, make sense.
Now nobody has an exact idea and then why would anyone count the number of calls that they're
getting? But with this system, you'd be able to calculate even that aspect of your life and
actually optimize it for the better. So saving a lot of time on that. And that's that's something
that we're able to do for you. So it'd be pretty cool to have Clara answer most of the business calls.
Yeah, that'd be really good because I mean, I have a couple contractors who are kind of
bit of a pain. And it would be okay to have them talk to Clara. Clara can summarize what they had
to say. Absolutely. And then I can call them back. You know, so I'll have some preferred that
just can call me directly because I got a lot that are great and I definitely need to be talking
them right away. But that's that's pretty much it. So, you know, I would definitely it would be
definitely be configured to answer random calls and I have to give it quite a few numbers to just
let go through. Or just give my personal cell number to some of these guys. Either either,
either or we'll also. Yeah. So I'll tell you the next steps here, the onboarding team,
where and I'll be introducing you to two people who will be responsible for understanding your workflow
in and out. Yeah. And then marrying that workflow into Clara answers and Clara answers with them.
Of course, we set up based on your business, your working hours, the kind of jobs that you do,
the kind of jobs that you don't do, but would be interested in your location, your address, your
service, civil locations. And then after all that's done, we give you that number to try out. So you
can call on that number a few times, see how the system's responding, ask it questions. It's
going to be like a test to before you actually take it live. And once you see that, okay, it's
perfectly capable. We then take you live. Wow, that's pretty cool. So what's the, what's the
price point? Like what's the cost? Right. So just think of somebody coming in doing this for you,
you've already had a virtual assistant. But then again, you can also have a full-time assistant
and the kind of cost that we involved with them. This is a fraction of it. Okay.
What we're looking at is of course, dependent on your volumes. But since you mentioned that
you've given me a rough idea of the kind of volume that we're 