Just give me a second, we'll let Ben in.
Okay, so Navins, can I change his name to?
If we going forward, Navin, if you can put Clara's display picture, they'll be helpful.
Clara's support, I'm changing your name.
Okay, cool.
I'll let him in.
Yes.
The good.
All right.
Let him in in three, two, one.
And Ben is in very sweet guy by the way.
He's in.
Hey, Ben, good afternoon.
Oh, wait.
Oh, hey, hi, good afternoon.
Hey, Ben, how are you?
I'm doing well, are you?
Very well.
Thank you so much for asking.
Very, really excited to kick things off for you.
And yeah, I mean, how have things been since the last time we spoke?
Good, busy.
Busy, that's good.
It's been around for sure.
So it's been fun.
Um, yeah, I just signed the, um, the docky sign.
Oh, okay.
You look like it said, um, like a 12 month term.
And I think we were talking about three months to start.
Correct.
So what it means there is that after the three months, if you decide to continue,
which I'm sure you will, the price will stay the same.
So that's what that 12 month term.
Men means.
So you'll be good.
Correct.
It just helps you with the cost increase.
Yeah.
So you've signed the docky sign.
Yeah.
Awesome.
I think I'll be getting a notification on the billing team.
And I think the card that you probably, the details that you shared with me that also
might be in process of getting executed.
So I think we're good.
Uh, but all that aside, I just want to introduce the, the new phase that you can probably see on your screen.
That's Paven.
Paven.
Hey, Ben.
I wanted to get somebody who, I mean, who understands things in and out.
And turns out, Paven's the one who started the whole journey of Clara answers.
So he's somebody who's very deeply knitted into this program.
This solution.
So he'll match your pace, understand your expectations.
And of course, married and then present the solution to you.
So he's going to be a dedicated point of contact.
But if in this, if any case, if at any point, there has to be more people involved,
we'll of course notify you and then we'll loop other people in as well.
Okay.
Okay.
That's how to let Paven take over.
And, uh, yeah, we'll kick things off.
Thank you so much, Bharat.
And yeah, Bharat is my hype man.
Yeah.
Perfect.
With all the intro.
But yeah.
I'm super excited to get you started.
Ben, got all the context of your business or you're trying to solve with, you know,
the first solution here that is, you know, AI for answering for your business.
Not all the context from Bharat in the way you guys operate today.
With that information, we already have the, you know, base variant of the agent configured.
Just one, just a couple of details, you know, some details that I wanted to clarify
so that we can complete that configuration and make the agent available for your testing today itself.
Right.
That'll be the target.
The way the process would look like as well is we'll share the number on which the agent will be available.
And the dashboard as well.
So that, you know, you can run some test calls, see how the agent is responding.
All of that.
After this call, it's, I'll share that details with you by making those final configuration.
And then post that we can probably set up another call for Friday.
If you have some time, because you get this one day to really test.
And, you know, run some test calls, see if you'd want anything changed.
And then, you know, we can probably, you know, have the agent take life calls this weekend.
Right.
Okay.
So firstly to, I mean, get an understanding.
We'll divide the conversation into during officers and afterwards just to get the behavior that we'd want to have for the agent.
So for during officers, then is it only you who takes all the incoming calls from customers or is there anyone else as well?
No, right now it's just me.
Yeah.
So we have, we have some steady like contractors and they have the phone numbers for some of my team.
So they can talk directly for the guys in the field, but generally like what I need this for is the.
The new clients, the small jobs, the service calls, people that call every day that we don't have a already working relationship with.
So, but anyways, yeah, it's me that takes those calls.
Okay, it makes sense.
And then.
So when Clara will be set up, the way it'll be set up is your main business line today.
By default, the forwarding will be set up from there to Clara.
So.
You know, we can start off with support.
I understand from birth is you only have one number and that is your personal number.
That is your business line.
I think that is.
Do you do by any chance happen to have a second number?
I do.
I've got a, I was actually thinking about this a while ago.
So I actually have another phone with the phone line that I'm going to use for personal.
Yeah, I just have to get it going and tell all my contacts, my new number.
Perfect.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was going to say like, can I turn until I get that done?
Am I able to turn Clara off and on as needed kind of thing or.
Yes.
So the way, then we can, the way we can set it up is, you know, on your phone, how do you use a iOS device?
Like an Apple device or an Android?
Android.
Perfect.
That makes it even easier because you, you can really set some, you know, the way we can start off is on your phone.
You can set up the call forwarding in a way where if you do not answer the call or if you decline the call, then we can forward the calls to Clara.
So in that way, in that way, we can start off like that until you have the second number up and running.
Once the second number is up, then, you know, we can have Clara be the first point of contact.
And then if someone wants to talk to you or, you know, then they can, then we can transfer it to the second number.
Oh, I was actually going to ask that today.
So Clara can transfer if somebody really needs to talk to me, Clara can transfer that 